:600M | Leave 06:30 AM | Return 05:30 PM | Sleep 10:00 PM | Wake 06:00 AM | Monday - Friday |
B | Leave 06:30 AM | Return 05:00 PM | Sleep 10:00 PM | Wake 06:00 AM | Monday - Friday |

D | Leave 03:30 AM | Return 12:30 PM | Sleep 07:00 PM | Wake 03:00 AM |
S | Leave 04:30 AM | Return 10:30 AM | Sleep 08:00 PM | Wake 04:00 AM |

A | Leave 11:30 PM | Return 8:30 AM | Sleep 02:00 PM | Wake 10:00 PM |

$17.50 x 40 - 'TAX%' = $1,133 | Bi-Weekly
Estimated Monthly Income $2,266

my current total income is $3,000. im expecting another 500 with a 300 paystub in the coming  3 weeks. but for now we base everything on 3k. farir? alright then. where do we start. 

I want to fix myself. I really dont think about weed unless I think of it you know what im saying? yea. okay. so im not addicted anymore. i know ive passed 200 days at this point. Ive kinda made up my mind. I wont be going back. still pains me to say that bc I definetly want to but I dont need it. 

i dont even think about alcohol anymore. non at all. the only reasons i think about weed or alcohol are social situations. much like brandons b day coming up and aarons birthday and allissas sweet 15. i just dont want to be in social situations if not high or drunk. anyways thats a future problem. 

what can i do with 3K? what improvemnt? well. ive stated this multiple times. i

So, the idea is to have my network be inside a virtual machine. 

so its be like this.

in an ideal situation but ill tweak this.

Laptop -> Coreboot -> Qubes OS -> ArchLinux -> VM -> Proxmox | OpenWRT | Pi-Hole | MullvadVPN

Anyways im nto all down with that tbh.

So. Yesturday I created multiple documents for my goals. this doc is going to be used for well, documenting. my day to day. thoughts feelings. etc etc. im stoked to start working. its going to go great i already know it. I dont like that ill be sleeping at 2

anyways. Self improvment. I mean yea. like i said above. I only have 3 events. brandons. i dont know what family is gonna come over. aarons. i may or may not be invited either way im declining. allisass later this year is idk. also might decline. aso. for brandons. ill be in my room majority of the time. 
I see no reason that i should engage. either way my new job requires i go to sleep at 2pm so yea should be no biggy. omfg. wow. i ahve a valid excuse to avoid all of these and more. sorry i work tmr. even if i dont. just say i do tf are they gonan do fact check me. tf. lmaoo. problem solved then. 

what else. i mean for the most part i wont be seeing my mom. or dad or brandon. unfortuently ill be seeing steven. he interupts my afternoon. i get an hour and 30 minutes of alone time before his dumbass comes home. its actually sad how not inteligant he is. i know ic ant spell or talk right sometimes but this man is just dumb. 

he spits out whateven information is fed to him is sad. acts like he knows everything there is to know about money. like relax. you arnt going to benifit from this collapse. trust me. anyways. ill be back.

what next? i mean i could just avoid him. all he does is the following. 

gets home
showers
eats
gets high
leaves to hangout with dan/matt/cesar/will/hector/aaron
plays games
watches content/movies/tvshows
jizz over imaginary numbers
eat a stupid number of unhealthy snacks
takes out the trash/recycle

So i mean for the most part it should be easy to avoid him. only sucks because i wont be home alone for the remaining 2 hours and 30 minuites. also if my dad comes home eariler than 2pm thats another downside. 

I mean what did i want to be home alone for? weed and clothing and sex right? well i dont do weed anymore. im already set with most of the items or clothing and jewlery iw ant to wear for fem. but thats later. i ahve other goals that have to come first. also the sex stuff. im still down but againi have other prioritys at the moment. 

So, i ate burgers 2 days ina  row i feel fine however i do feel as though my right ear is full again. perhaps i need to figure out what the issue is. lets ee. 

salt, black pepper, 3 80/20 ground beef pattys, 3 low sodium bacon, 2 white burger buns, ketchup, 1 tbs butter, low sodium patato chips. 

So out of all that what could the culprit be? Im leaning twords butter. for soem reason im not sure. i dont think butter itsself is bad however this butter could be an issue. hmmm. alright. 

what next? 

im tired.

thats all

yea

.


I remember. I dont want to work. find something anthony. think. okay. i get it





Hair Conditioner
Face Cleanser
Body Wash
Scrubber
Body Towel

Nail Clipper
Razor

Tooth Brush
Tooth Paste

Toilet Paper
Hand Soap
Hand Towel

Deorderant

Sunscreen
Moisterizer
Chap Stick





That's all I use as far as hyguine goes. I mean its not bad. Id say thats it no? I mean everything else is cosmetic. Stuff I wan to make myself look better. 
I can think of a few things on that list.
If I'm remembering correctly the oral care was the following
So from the above list. Im considering adding these to my kit. Well I added them. Im also considering to add bug/itch scream to the emergancy/first aid bag. Also glasses cleaners.



Floss
Tounge Scraper
Whitening Strips
Mouth Wash

Retinol

Hair Mask
Hair Oil

Collone

Everything above is cosmetic. Not entirly nessessary. More like add ons to enhance appearance but not needed for general cleanliness. 


Okay. So. Im here now. Its been a while. I just wanna say. at wotrk today i took the glass water bottle ive used since my ups days. I dropped it and it broke. im very sad by that. i almost cried at work and i still feel pretty down from it. farwell friend. Im sorry for my carlessness.
I should have taken more preausions. I wish you well. I hope you are in a better place. Ive prayed to god. Im sorry. I hope he told you. Or you heard me yourself. I loved you. and i will never let you fade from my memory. For now I find peace. but yuou will always be apart of me.
love you, thansk for all the water you provided. im sorry. i should ha e done more. bye for now my love. rest in peice. 









So. I have a new priority. I want to level myself up. I want to look good feel good. the 1 backpack is great. yes. but its not what we need. at least not all of it.

We need 2 outfits.

hacker
slut

we have the hacker one figured out. 
the slut one is semi figured out. 

anyways. tech. i mean for the most part its figured out. 

remember i have 3k. 

bassically ill cut to the point. i think kitchen and sleep are for the most part useless. i sleep at home. i have all the cooking supplies i need. 

is anything i think we should carry this as a list. only take what we actually need for our current situation.

should that be near or futute future. 

so whats your proposal?

here.






- Clothing
    Jacket
        - 
    Gloves
        - 
    Train Runners
        - 
    Balacava
        - 
    Grip Gloves
        - 

    Sun/glasses
        - 
    Hoodie
        - 
    T-Shirt
        - 
    Underwear
        - 
    Pant
        - 
    Short
        - 
    Socks
        - 
    Laundry Soap *
        - 

so the idea is that i wear the same clothes everyday. depending on the weather i pick and choose a combination of shirt hoodie pant or short. underwear socks glasses dont change.
i want to be able to carry everything in my back pack right. i understand that. 
so the idea is that i sleep in these clothes. wake up, workout, wash clothes - hang to air dry, shower, skin/hair/oral hyguene.
something like the above. 
then the mid day is aboutt he same





























Morning - 1 Hour 15 Minutes

    Stretch | 5 Minutes

    Workout | 30 Minutes
        - 5 Pound Dumbell
        - Resistance Band
    
    #1 & #2 | 5 Minutes
                                    - Toilet Paper
                                    - Hand Soap
        - Hand Towel

    Shower | 10 Minutes
                                    - Hair Conditioner
                                    - Facial Cleanser
                                    - Body Wash
        - Scrubber
        - Body Towel

    Skin | 5 Minutes
                                    - Moisterizer
                                    - Chap Stick
                                    - Deorderant

    Hair | 5 Minutes
                                    - Wax Strips

    Nails | 5 Minutes
        - Nail Clippers

    Oral | 5 Minutes
                                    - Tooth Paste
                                    - Tooth Brush
                                    - Floss
        - Tounge Scrapper
                                    - Mouth Wash
                                    - Whitening Strips

    Get Dressed | 5 Minutes
        - Hoodie
        - T-Shirt
        - Underwear
        - Pant
        - Short
        - Socks
        - Shoes

Afternoon - 9 Hours 15 Minutes 

    Leave | 20 Minutes
                                    - Gasoline
                                    - Car Insurance
    Work | 8 Hours
    
    Return | 20 Minutes
    
    Cook | 10 Minutes
        - Cast Iron Skillet
                                    - Ground Beef
                                    - Salt
                                    - Butter
                                    - Electrolights

    Eat | 15 Minutes
        - Spoon
        - Fork
        - Knife
        - Napkin
        - Water Bottle

    Clean | 10 Minutes
                                    - Waste Bags
                                    - Dish Soap
                                    - Sponge

Evening - 5 Hours

    Study | 5 Hours
        - PC
        - Phone
                                    - Cellular Data Service
                                    - WIFI Service

Night - 30 Minutes

    Wash Clothes | 10 Minutes
                                    - Laundry Soap
        - Bucket

    Journal | 10 Minutes
                                    - Notebook
                                    - Pen

    Meditate | 10 Minutes
        - Eye Shade
        - Ear Plugs





When I love out I need to add how many things? Medical Insurance, Vacuume, Mop Plunger etc, bassically some quality of life things. shouldnt be all too much expensive. But ok, thats a future problem. 



zipper or no zipper? 
I mean. they have their use cases right. but what do i hate about both.

zipper. it can get cold. or hot but more so cold. 










Okay. Lets talk pc. 

CPU
GPU 1
GPU 2
RAM
SSD
MOTHERBOARD

So basically. the vision is i want 2 additional monitors. my main will be running linux. to my left is macos. and to my right is windows11.

the amd gpu will be used for linux only. 

the nvidia card will be used for 8gb to macos. and 8gb to windows. i will also give windows and mac 16gb of ram. leaving me with 32gb. i will split the sdd. 
giving 500gb to each system. leaving me with 1tb. 

The idea is that i want to make content sharing my knolage about operting systems. 

So the actuall pc only cost $1,600. nvm. its bc a cpu is on sale. its retail is 650 ans its 280.

so yeah. unfortuently. that dream si still out of reach. sad. 





Okay. so i need more meats. i want every day to be differant. also bc i want to start working out which means. i need to be wating 2 times a day. 

Monday - Ground Beef
Tuesday - Salmon
Wednsday - 
Thursday - Ground Beef
Friday - Salmon
Saturday - 
Sunday - FAST

























bassically need 5 - 10 pound dumbell and a resistance band


toothpaste toothbrush
tounge scrapper
mouth wash
whitening strips
floss









Hand Wash Using Cold Water Let Air Dry

- Techology
    Laptop
        - 
    Phone
        - 
    Single Board Computer
        - 
    Authentication Key
        - 
    Earbuds
        - 
    Ethernet Cable
        - 
    Micro SD Card
        - 
    SIM Card
        - 
    Power Bank
        - 



- Kitchen
    Water Bottle
        - 
    Fork/Knife/Spoon/Pot/Pan
        - 


- Hygiene
    Hair Conditioner
        - 
    Facial Cleanser
        - 
    Body Wash
        - 
    Scrubber
        - 
    Body Towel
        - 
    Nail Clipper
        - 
    Razor
        - 
    Tooth Brush
        - 
    Tooth Paste
        - 
    Toilet Paper
        - 
    Hand Soap
        - 
    Hand Towel
        - 
    Deorderant
        - 
    Moisterizer
        - 
    Chap Stick
        - 
    Tissue
        - 



- Sleep
    Eye Shade
        - 
    Ear PLugs
        - 



Another Job? Where? Should I. See my main issue is i need more money. and fast. see. Ive cut out everything exsept 2 in the sleep section. mostly everything in the kitchen and ive rewritten some of the things in the clothing. see. my issue is. So you see man. 

I have 3k. I need to spend it to the maximum possible. 

So out of all the things ive written for seperate documents.

fittness and physique are the only ones that dont cost any money they are mostly a formula and checkliost of how i want to end up as a result of them. 

sqedual is wack for the most part. mostly becasue of the working aspect. also. whos gonna stop me if i dont work?

also your idea of gig work. i like it. small jobs to pay for my monthly expences. however. how much seems to be the issue. if i can really make 2k a month from side
jobs then iot might be worth it. also can i really?

okay i got saide trackwed,. I want to move nearly everything from aestetic and apperance to the. well./ hold on. 

Okay. SO. im under the understanding that I will be living here for the nwxt few years. maybe until im 25. So. What do I care about most? Realistically, 

Clothes, Tech, 

Becasue. I think about everything like this. 

So its come to my understanding that the whole caming thing. I have only been doing it since i was about 15. bc 

in 2018 by that first incident i can remember. i was 16.

that means. when did i start? freshman year? no. sophmore year? possible? 





senior 17 - 18 2019 - 2020
junior 16 - 17 2018 - 2019
sophmore 15 - 16 2017 - 2018

freshman 14 - 15 2016 - 2017












sophmore year. it started sophmore year. i have high doubts that it started in freshman year. well. i cant remember if it did my earliest memory puts that at 2018 aka sophmore year. 
well technecally i ahev a jr when i told her that. or no. it was just before school got out. so yeah i was stil a sophmore not junior yet.

i just need more data. the more i can pin point small events the picture becomes clearer.
corrrect.

the question is when did i start? 
So. i ahve new information. remember the remodeling of the kicthen and bathroom. that happend sometime in 2016. the picture i remmeber is of april giving me that pizza box. i remember the background not yet being remodeled. it was still tiled. that means sometime after march 2016

does that mean i was caming before that? was i caming around my birthday? or before? when? remember anthony. more. small details.

cath here. fuck sake. that was sometime during 2016-18 maybe more. 

as it stands. i started this in sometime 2016.

confirmed. construction started in 

I remember i got the laptop and began vcaming on omegle. why did i need the laptop. for school. so that means sometime after august 2016. which is when schools started. 

it must have been the summer of 2016 when i started. possibly on my phone? ahd to be bc remember i camed with him in the bathroom using my phone. 

brandon and i were still sharing a room back then so that means. 

steven left to college that year too. okay. 

it was summer when we moved him. i remmeber. so that means. sometime around steven leaving i moved into this middle room and started caming. 

I remmeber for my birthday. I still lived in the same room with brandon. 

i remmeber caming with an indian man int he upstairs bathroom.

so caming witht hat indian guya nd steven moving to college and me taking his room all happend within the span of that summer of 2016.

I graduated in 2015 from carson. 

if i was 

2017 i found both my main abuser and cath. i just dont know when exsacally. 





so bassically i started caming in 2016 met my abuser sometime in 2017






march 2016
    I still shared a room with brandon.

april 2016
    construction began on the kicthen and bathroom.

summer 2016
    i camed with that indian guy in the attic bathroom.

august 2016
    steven moved to college.

fall 2016 
    construction finished.

winter 2016
    i moved into stevens room.



2017
    met my main abuser


may 2018 
    i told dede "i have a gf" aka that main abuser was my boyfriend.

feb 2019 
    was eric wedding. i remeber being upset that i coulndt face time him.

march 2020 
    i ended everything with him. telling him to delete everything he had about me.






april 2020
    i consistantly camed with random people from omegle and chat avenue/whereby almost daily.

mid 2023
    i began to cut back on caming. still did it but i began to stop.





start 2024 to current day 
    ive only camed 2 times 1 of which i showed my hair and forhead and dick by accident and the other only my pants/floor.





So, to buy a pair

bassically all the clothes i want cost just about 600. all im missing is some minor things. the cooking stuff i can get for sure under 100. sleep is no more than 50 for sure. 






So we now have $4,000. What to do? Well. I'm not exsacally sure but I am sure about. Which is? My hair, Skin,

My Hair is about 4 inches. some shorter some longer. my hair type is wavy/curly. Mainly thick but some thin. 

My ideal alcohol setup.













Chilled Margarita Glass

Blend together 3 Shots Of 40% Vodka + Ice + 5 Strawberries

Rub A Lime On The Rim Of The Glass & Dip The Edge Into Sugar

Pour Slushie Into The Glass

Top With A Single Strawberry Along The Rim















So, as for weed. Listen. The whole 3 devices is overkill and you know it. We just need 1 device. 1 Bong. and lost of high quality flower. 









Its time to pull the trigger with all the tech stuff.










Wireless
    Phone x 5
    Roku x 2
    Laptop x 3

Ethernet
    PC
    Xbox Series X
    Playstation 5


    sling
    yt tv
    disney +
    crunchy roll



So, my entire next check can go to almost all the tech. see the laptop right. great idea on paper however. i need more performance. setting up a second gpu to be pass throughed to 2 virtual machines is too much work for the output. instead im seeing the possibility of runnning just 1 vm. probably windows for gaming. hmm.

okay so all i need to upgrade is, buy another gpu, case, motherboard, ram and monitor. 
